um no one of the great points that
Mark's made in capital is and I think
one of the things that stands up about
the book is that the motivations of the
capitalist don't actually matter there
is a certain Dynamic within the system
as a whole which means you could be the
nicest person in the world you could
have the best intentions possible you
could love your workers more than
yourself it doesn't matter if you're in
a competitive Marketplace structured in
a certain way you um you there are
constraints um and there's no reason to
imagine those constraints will go away
if everyone means well one of the most
um one of the most compelling documents
I've ever seen was in during the Bush
Administration a group of CEOs wrote a
letter um to the president actually of
of the United States um they're mainly
people in energy companies essentially
saying we need greater government
control on energy production to to to
contain global warming um and these are
the guys who are the heads of enemy
energy companies you know basically
saying stop us before we kill again you
know um we don't want you know we don't
want to destroy the world but we are
compelled by the structure of our our
our position we're answerable only to
our stockholders we have to make the
maximum amount of profit possible for
them regardless of our personal feelings
um we don't like the results you know
create laws to stop us from doing this
and I think that brings home you know
very clearly what some of the structural
contradictions are Cally the corporate
structure is one that's in many ways
created to stop people from acting
ethically even if they want to and and
it while it is true that in certain
small startups and certain sectors it is
possible to act differently the overall
structure of the capitalist Corporation
is designed to prevent this from
happening um I think